hey guys would you start latina be seen
today I'm gonna be me in the fan a fan
girl actually Tibet in a couple of days
so Tom a friend of hers and Dan a friend
of mine aren't me too I guess surprise
her give her an early birthday present
so I thought hey yeah go for it you know
I'm up for that
so she can only watch that Pangborn
Lamborghini I think I think that's what
it is and she's a huge fan of mine like
Tom told me that she watches all my
videos and she's just crazy about it so
I'm pretty pumped and it should be
pretty sick to see her reaction so yeah
yes I'll see you guys on the other side
gonna be reading this bad boy today
alright so we kind of forgot that it's
in writing so it says on the sentence it
takes 68 miles that's like two hours two
hours drive
so I chilled the coolie and everyone
else at the Lamborghini Center went out
to eat I got to see all of the fresh new
Lamborghini design the passenger seat in
a test drive
how's that yeah a very nice normal Drive
nice yeah really
house I'm back at the house ah what a
good day today
today was awesome you know I've got a
test drive in the freaking horican an
awesome fan I met some cool people happy
days I love that yo now ladies and
gentlemen something big is happening
tomorrow these bad boys are being
released tomorrow first of February 6
p.m. these are definitely my most
favorite products and shout out to strat
for his amazing our way dude I'm excited
for them and yeah what a day man what a
day all right
Boyka solid GWT remember first of every
6 p.m. GMT don't sad
you guys